ENH: Document QC checkpoint after denoising (#385)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/processing/qaqc-criteria-FC.md

# QA/QC criteria for denoised data

## DOF distribution

- [ ] Check that the effective DOF for each session has a large positive value.
    If some DOFs are near zero or negative, revise the preprocessing to increase the motion censoring threshold, include fewer regressors, or tweak/eliminate band-pass filtering.

## FC distributions

> - [ ] Check that the FC distributions appear similar across sessions and are gaussian, centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean <sup>[1]</sup>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check that the FC distributions appear similar across sessions and are Gaussian, located on the right-hand side from zero, and close to zero <sup>[1]</sup>.
```

>     If the FC distributions appear shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal, the denoising was either too aggressive for the number of functional frames available, or the BOLD signal is still contaminated with residual noise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the FC distributions are not located close to zero, skewed, flat, or bimodal, the denoising was either too aggressive for the number of functional frames available, or the BOLD signal is still contaminated with residual noise.
```

>     - [ ] If the sessions with a non-conform distribution present a DOF close to zero or negative, revise the preprocessing to increase the motion censoring threshold, include fewer regressors, or tweak/eliminate band-pass filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the sessions with a non-conform distribution present a DOF close to zero or negative:
    
        - [ ] Revise the denoising strategy to include fewer regressors, and/or tweak/eliminate band-pass filtering.
        - [ ] Revise the preprocessing to increase the motion censoring threshold.
```

>     - [ ] If the DOF has a large positive value, exclude the sessions with the non-conform distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Exclude the sessions with the non-conform distribution if DOFs is a large positive value.
```

## QC-FC distributions

- [ ] Check that the QC-FC distribution<sup>[2]</sup> and the null distribution represented by the red dotted line are approximately equivalent by assessing the QC-FC% value corresponding to the distance between the observed and the null distributions. 

>     - [ ] If the QC-FC distribution does not meet the 95% cutoff, revise the preprocessing by lowering the motion censoring threshold, including more regressors, or tweaking the band-pass filtering.
>     - [ ] If the 95% cutoff is still not met after revising the preprocessing, eliminate all sessions associated with extreme IQM outliers.
>     - [ ] If the 95% cutoff is still not met, iteratively exclude the session with the highest `fd_perc` until that cutoff is met.

Reviewer: Write action before condition:

```suggestion
    - [ ] Revise the preprocessing by lowering the motion censoring threshold, including more regressors, or tweaking the band-pass filtering if the QC-FC distribution does not meet the 95% cutoff.
    - [ ] Exclude sessions associated with extreme IQM outliers if the 95% cutoff is still not met after revising the preprocessing.
    - [ ] Iteratively exclude the session with the highest `fd_perc` until that cutoff is met if the 95% cutoff is still not met.
```

Reviewer: In the first item, what does "tweak the band-pass filter" mean?

is it narrower, wider and what side needs to be tweaked first?

## QC-FC versus Euclidean distance

- [ ] Check that there is no significant correlation between QC-FC correlations and Euclidean distance separating the nodes<sup>[2]</sup>.

# References

> [1]: https://doi.org/10.3389/fnins.2023.1092125 "Morfini, F., Whitfield-Gabrieli, S., and Nieto-Castañón, A. “Functional Connectivity MRI Quality Control Procedures in CONN.” Front Neurosci17 (2023). doi:10.3389/fnins.2023.1092125"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://doi.org/10.3389/fnins.2023.1092125 "Morfini, F., Whitfield-Gabrieli, S., and Nieto-Castañón, A. “Functional Connectivity MRI Quality Control Procedures in CONN.” Front Neurosci 17 (2023). doi:10.3389/fnins.2023.1092125"
```

        - [ ] If those modifications are still not enough, decrease the cut-off frequency until the FC distributions of the majority of the subject is Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean.

        ??? note "Another tweak possible would be to increase the motion censoring threshold"
            However, in our study, we pre-registered that we would perform the analysis with three different motion censoring thresholds.
            Therefore, rather than optimizing the value of the motion censoring threshold, we will perform a *mulitverse* analysis and report the results for the three threshold levels we pre-registered.

    2. Only a few sessions' FC distribution are shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat or bimodal: then apply the [exclusion criteria detailed below](#fc-distributions-1)

## QC-FC distributions

- [ ] Check that the QC-FC distribution<sup>[2]</sup> and the null distribution represented by the red dotted line are approximately equivalent by assessing the QC-FC% value corresponding to the distance between the observed and the null distributions.

> $QC-FC\%  \geq 95\%$ is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure<sup>[2]</sup>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    QC-FC% &ge; 95% is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure<sup>[2]</sup>.
```

> $QC-FC\% \le 95\%$ requires revising the preprocessing of the data as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    QC-FC% &lt; 95% requires revising the preprocessing of the data as follows:
```

    - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice, revise [the exclusion criteria by excluding additional sessions](#qc-fc-distributions-1)
    
## QC-FC versus Euclidean distance

- [ ] Check that there is no significant correlation between QC-FC correlations and Euclidean distance separating the nodes<sup>[2]</sup>. 
If the correlation is significant, it indicates that connectivity estimates are biased in a manner that is distance-dependent, with many long-distance correlations decreased by motion and many short-distance correlations increased by motion<sup>[4]</sup>.
    As such, motion correction needs to be revised as follows:
    - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
    - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice, revise [the exclusion criteria by excluding additional sessions](qaqc-criteria-FC.md#qc-fc-versus-euclidean-distance-1)

# Exclusion criteria for denoised data

## FC distributions

- [ ] Exclude the sessions for which the FC distribution appears shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal.

>     Those sessions's BOLD is still contaminated with residual noise, despite the preprocessing being adequate for the acquisition protocol. A likely scenario is that the subject moved a lot during this particular session.

Reviewer: Missed this sematic line break:
```suggestion
    Those sessions's BOLD is still contaminated with residual noise despite the preprocessing being adequate for the acquisition protocol.
    A likely scenario is that the subject moved a lot during this particular session.
```

- [ ] Check that there is no significant correlation between QC-FC correlations and Euclidean distance separating the nodes<sup>[2]</sup>. 
    If the correlation is significant, it indicates that connectivity estimates are biased in a distance-dependent manner, with many long-distance correlations decreased by motion and many short-distance correlations increased by motion<sup>[4]</sup>.
    As such, motion correction needs to be revised as follows:
    - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
    - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice, revise [the exclusion criteria by excluding additional sessions](qaqc-criteria-FC.md#qc-fc-versus-euclidean-distance-1)

# Exclusion criteria for denoised data

## FC distributions

- [ ] Exclude the sessions for which the FC distribution appears shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal.
    Those sessions's BOLD is still contaminated with residual noise, despite the preprocessing being adequate for the acquisition protocol. 
    A likely scenario is that the subject moved a lot during this particular session.

> 
>     !!! note "It is unlikely such sessions did not get excluded at earlier checkpoints."

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    !!! note "It is unlikely such sessions did not get excluded at earlier checkpoints."
```

If the subject is going to be excluded, let's remove this note.

>     !!! note "It is unlikely such sessions did not get excluded at earlier checkpoints."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If the session is to be excluded, I don't think the note is necessary. Sure, probably you should have looked better before, but you are taking it down anyways.

    1. The FC distributions of the majority of the sessions appear shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal. 
    It indicates the denoising was either too aggressive for the number of functional frames available, or the BOLD signal is still contaminated with residual noise.
    As such, the denoising needs to be revised as follows:
        - [ ] Decrease the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py`
        - [ ] If that modification is not enough, remove high-pass filtering by removing "high-pass" from the denoising strategy list. Do so by precising the flag `--confounds "motion" "scrubs"` to `funconn.py`.
        - [ ] If those modifications are still not enough, decrease the cut-off frequency until the FC distributions of the majority of the subject is Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean.

        ??? note "Another tweak possible would be to increase the motion censoring threshold"

>             However, in our study we pre-registered that we will perform the analysis with three different motion censoring threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            However, in our study, we pre-registered that we would perform the analysis with three different motion censoring thresholds.
```

>             As such, the analysis with high motion censoring threshold will be reported anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Therefore, rather than optimizing the value of the motion censoring threshold, we will perform a *mulitverse* analysis and report the results for the three threshold levels we pre-registered.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    2. Only a few sessions' FC distribution are shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat or bimodal: then apply the [exclusion criteria detailed below](#fc-distributions-1)

## QC-FC distributions

- [ ] Check that the QC-FC distribution<sup>[2]</sup> and the null distribution represented by the red dotted line are approximately equivalent by assessing the QC-FC% value corresponding to the distance between the observed and the null distributions.

> $QC-FC%  \geq 95%$ is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure <sup>[2]</sup>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    QC-FC% &ge; 95% is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure <sup>[2]</sup>.
```

> $QC-FC% \le 95%$ lower require revising the preprocessing of the data as follows:

Reviewer: Better with HTML:
```suggestion
    QC-FC% &lt; 95% requires revising the preprocessing of the data as follows:
```

    - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
    - [ ] Increase the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py` if the QC-FC distribution still does not meet the 95% cutoff.
    - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice, revise [the exclusion criteria by excluding additional sessions](#qc-fc-distributions-1)
    
## QC-FC versus Euclidean distance

- [ ] Check that there is no significant correlation between QC-FC correlations and Euclidean distance separating the nodes<sup>[2]</sup>. 

> If the correlation is significant, it indicates that connectivity estimates are biased in a manner that is distance-dependent, with many long-distance correlations decreased by motion and many short-distance correlations increased by motion <sup>[4]</sup>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the correlation is significant, it indicates that connectivity estimates are biased in a distance-dependent manner, with many long-distance correlations decreased by motion and many short-distance correlations increased by motion <sup>[4]</sup>.
```

> As such, motion correction needs to be revised as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As such, motion correction needs to be revised as follows:
```

    - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
    - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice, revise [the exclusion criteria by excluding additional sessions](#qc-fc-versus-euclidean-distance-1)

# Exclusion criteria for denoised data

## FC distributions

- [ ] Exclude the sessions for which the FC distribution appears shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal.

> Those sessions's BOLD signal are sill contaminated with residual noise, despite the preprocessing being adequate for the acquisition protocol. A likely scenario is that the subject moved a lot during this particular session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Those sessions's BOLD is still contaminated with residual noise, despite the preprocessing being adequate for the acquisition protocol. A likely scenario is that the subject moved a lot during this particular session.
```

> !!! note "It is unlikely such sessions did not get excluded at earlier checkpoints."

Reviewer: We should be more specific, what does this comment help with?

```suggestion
    !!! note "It is unlikely such sessions did not get excluded at earlier checkpoints."
```

Author: I'm actually not sure

Reviewer: If we are excluding the session at this point, is it really necessary the note?

# QA criteria for denoised data

## FC distributions

> - [ ] Check that the FC distributions appear similar across sessions and are Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean<sup>[1]</sup>. Two deviations from this scenario are possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check that the FC distributions appear similar across sessions and are Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean<sup>[1]</sup>.
    Two deviations from this scenario are possible:
```

>     1. The FC distributions of the majority of the sessions appear shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    1. The FC distributions of most sessions appear shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal. 
```

>     It indicates the denoising was either too aggressive for the number of functional frames available, or the BOLD signal is still contaminated with residual noise.
>     As such, the denoising needs to be revised as follows:
>         - [ ] Decrease the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py`
>         - [ ] If that modification is not enough, remove high-pass filtering by removing "high-pass" from the denoising strategy list. Do so by precising the flag `--confounds "motion" "scrubs"` to `funconn.py`.
>         - [ ] If those modifications are still not enough, decrease the cut-off frequency until the FC distributions of the majority of the subject is Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        It indicates the denoising was either too aggressive for the number of functional frames available or the BOLD signal is still contaminated with residual noise.
        As such, the denoising needs to be revised as follows:
            - [ ] Decrease the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py`
            - [ ] If that modification is insufficient, remove high-pass filtering by removing "high-pass" from the denoising strategy list.
                Do so by precising the flag `--confounds "motion" "scrubs"` to `funconn.py`.
            - [ ] If those modifications are still insufficient, decrease the cut-off frequency until the FC distributions of most subjects are Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean.
```

        ??? note "Another tweak possible would be to increase the motion censoring threshold"
            However, in our study, we pre-registered that we would perform the analysis with three different motion censoring thresholds.
            Therefore, rather than optimizing the value of the motion censoring threshold, we will perform a *mulitverse* analysis and report the results for the three threshold levels we pre-registered.

    2. Only a few sessions' FC distribution are shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat or bimodal: then apply the [exclusion criteria detailed below](#fc-distributions-1)

## QC-FC distributions

> - [ ] Check that the QC-FC distribution<sup>[2]</sup> and the null distribution represented by the red dotted line are approximately equivalent for all IQMs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we will assess that QC-FC distribution<sup>[2]</sup> and the null distribution represented by the red dotted line are approximately equivalent for all IQMs. 
```

>     - [ ] Verify that QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM, where the QC-FC% value corresponds to the distance between the observed and the null distributions for each IQM.
> 
>         ??? note "Why QC-FC% &ge; 95%, in particular?"
>             QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure<sup>[2]</sup>.
>         
>         However, if QC-FC% &lt; 95% for at least one IQM, then the preprocessing of the data requires revisiting as follows:
>             - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
>             - [ ] Increase the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py` if the QC-FC distribution still does not meet the 95% cutoff.
>             - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice to reach the threshold QC-FC% &ge; 95%, exclude additional sessions following [the exclusion criteria detailed below](#qc-fc-distributions-1).
> 
>         !!! warning "Contradictory QA criteria"
>             Please be aware that the QA criteria outlined here are in direct contrast to [those of the FC distributions](#fc-distributions). Therefore, it is necessary to find a trade-off that respects the QA criteria across all three group visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [ ] Verify that QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM, where the QC-FC% value corresponds to the distance between the observed and the null distributions for each IQM.

    ??? note "Why QC-FC% &ge; 95%, in particular?"
        QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure<sup>[2]</sup>.

    However, if QC-FC% &lt; 95% for at least one IQM, then the preprocessing of the data requires revisiting as follows:

        - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
        - [ ] Increase the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py` if the QC-FC distribution still does not meet the 95% cutoff.
        - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice to reach the threshold QC-FC% &ge; 95%, exclude additional sessions following [the exclusion criteria detailed below](#qc-fc-distributions-1).

!!! warning "Contradictory QA criteria"
    Please be aware that the QA criteria outlined here directly contrast [those of the FC distributions](#fc-distributions).
    Therefore, finding a trade-off that respects the QA criteria across all three group visualizations is necessary.
```

[1]: https://doi.org/10.3389/fnins.2023.1092125 "Morfini, F., Whitfield-Gabrieli, S., and Nieto-Castañón, A. “Functional Connectivity MRI Quality Control Procedures in CONN.” Front Neurosci 17 (2023). doi:10.3389/fnins.2023.1092125"
[2]: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2017.03.020 "Ciric, R. et al. “Benchmarking of Participant-Level Confound Regression Strategies for the Control of Motion Artifact in Studies of Functional Connectivity. (2017)” NeuroImage, doi:10.1016/j.neuroimage.2017.03.020"
[3]: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2017.03.056 "Bright, M. & Murphy, K., Cleaning up the fMRI time series: Mitigating noise with advanced acquisition and correction strategies. (2017) NeuroImage. doi:10.1016/j.neuroimage.2017.03.056"
[4]: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2011.10.018 "Power, Jonathan D., Kelly A. Barnes, Abraham Z. Snyder, Bradley L. Schlaggar, and Steven E. Petersen. “Spurious but Systematic Correlations in Functional Connectivity MRI Networks Arise from Subject Motion.” NeuroImage 59, no. 3 (February 2012): 2142–54, doi:10.1016/j.neuroimage.2011.10.01" 

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# QA criteria for denoised data

> !!! warning "Contradictory QA criteria"
>     Please be aware that the QA criteria outlined in the different sections directly contrast one another.
>     Therefore, finding a trade-off that respects the QA criteria across all three group visualizations is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Contradictory QA counter-measures"
    In the following two subsections, the suggested counter-measures when QA criteria are not met propose changing the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filter in opposed directions, and therefore, *solutions compete*.
    Although challenging, finding a trade-off cut-off that meets all QA criteria across all three group visualizations is necessary.
```

## FC distributions

- [ ] Check that the FC distributions appear similar across sessions and are Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean<sup>[1]</sup>.
    Two deviations from this scenario are possible:

    1. The FC distributions of most sessions appear shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat, or bimodal. 
        It indicates the denoising was either too aggressive for the number of functional frames available or the BOLD signal is still contaminated with residual noise.
        As such, the denoising needs to be revised as follows:
            - [ ] Decrease the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py`
            - [ ] If that modification is insufficient, remove high-pass filtering by removing "high-pass" from the denoising strategy list.
                Do so by precising the flag `--confounds "motion" "scrubs"` to `funconn.py`.
            - [ ] If those modifications are still insufficient, decrease the cut-off frequency until the FC distributions of most subjects are Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean.

>         ??? note "Another tweak possible would be to increase the motion censoring threshold"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ??? note "Alternatively, increasing the motion censoring threshold would be a possibility to address this issue."
```

>             - [ ] Decrease the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py`
>             - [ ] If that modification is insufficient, remove high-pass filtering by removing "high-pass" from the denoising strategy list.
>                 Do so by precising the flag `--confounds "motion" "scrubs"` to `funconn.py`.
>             - [ ] If those modifications are still insufficient, decrease the cut-off frequency until the FC distributions of most subjects are Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean.

Reviewer: Not rendering properly:
```suggestion

        - [ ] Decrease the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py`
        - [ ] If that modification is insufficient, remove high-pass filtering by removing "high-pass" from the denoising strategy list.
              Do so by precising the flag `--confounds "motion" "scrubs"` to `funconn.py`.
        - [ ] Decrease the cut-off frequency until the FC distributions of most subjects are Gaussian centered approximately around zero with a small positive mean if the above modifications are still insufficient.
```

            However, in our study, we pre-registered that we would perform the analysis with three different motion censoring thresholds.
            Therefore, rather than optimizing the value of the motion censoring threshold, we will perform a *mulitverse* analysis and report the results for the three threshold levels we pre-registered.

    2. Only a few sessions' FC distribution are shifted towards positive values, skewed, flat or bimodal: then apply the [exclusion criteria detailed below](#fc-distributions-1)

## QC-FC distributions

Now we will assess that QC-FC distribution<sup>[2]</sup> and the null distribution represented by the red dotted line are approximately equivalent for all IQMs. 

- [ ] Verify that QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM, where the QC-FC% value corresponds to the distance between the observed and the null distributions for each IQM.

    ??? note "Why QC-FC% &ge; 95%, in particular?"
        QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure<sup>[2]</sup>.

    However, if QC-FC% &lt; 95% for at least one IQM, then the preprocessing of the data requires revisiting as follows:

>         - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
>         - [ ] Increase the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py` if the QC-FC distribution still does not meet the 95% cutoff.
>         - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice to reach the threshold QC-FC% &ge; 95%, exclude additional sessions following [the exclusion criteria detailed below](#qc-fc-distributions-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
    - [ ] Increase the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py` if the QC-FC distribution still does not meet the 95% cutoff.
    - [ ] Exclude additional sessions following [the exclusion criteria detailed below](#qc-fc-distributions-1) if revising the preprocessing does not suffice to reach the threshold QC-FC% &ge; 95%.
```

## QC-FC distributions

- [ ] Check that the QC-FC distribution<sup>[2]</sup> and the null distribution represented by the red dotted line are approximately equivalent for all IQMs. 
    - [ ] Read the QC-FC% value corresponding to the distance between the observed and the null distributions for each IQM.
    - [ ] QC-FC%  &ge; 95% for all IQM is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure<sup>[2]</sup>.
        QC-FC% &lt; 95% for one IQM or more requires revising the preprocessing of the data as follows:
        - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
        - [ ] Increase the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py` if the QC-FC distribution still does not meet the 95% cutoff.

>         - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice, revise [the exclusion criteria by excluding additional sessions](#qc-fc-distributions-1)

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, I think this would be much easier to parse (and corrects some indentations):

```suggestion
    - [ ] Verify that QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM, where the QC-FC% value corresponds to the distance between the observed and the null distributions for each IQM.

        ??? note "Why QC-FC% &ge; 95%, in particular?"
            QC-FC% &ge; 95% for all IQM is considered indicative of negligible modulations in the BOLD signal correlation structure<sup>[2]</sup>.
        
        However, if QC-FC% &lt; 95% for at least one IQM, then the preprocessing of the data requires revisiting as follows:
            - [ ] Include more motion regressors by switching motion regression strategy using the `--motion "full"` flag when running `funconn.py`.
            - [ ] Increase the cut-off frequency of the low-pass filtering using the `--low-pass` flag of `funconn.py` if the QC-FC distribution still does not meet the 95% cutoff.
            - [ ] If tweaking the preprocessing does not suffice, revise [the exclusion criteria by excluding additional sessions](#qc-fc-distributions-1)
```

The last point remains a bit unclear to me.

Author: @oesteban is the last point more clear now?
